## Expeditionary Profile Pitch

Hey I'm Connor McCoy

Lets talk about my customer access list by category:

**Handshake:** 
- Knowledge workers (specifically in the marketing and product development space), these are my coworkers who I communicate with on a daily basis. 
- Students! Such an amazing resource we have being college students. We can obtain information through our friends, friends of friends, or those we meet on campus. They uniquely fit into each category. 

**Hub:** 
- Entrepreneurs + business owners: My dad is an entrepreneur and he is well acquainted with many other founders in Utah and across the country. 
- Content creators: I am good friends with a content creator who is very well connected within this space. 
- 

**Habitats:** 
- BYU campus
- Workplace
- Gym
All of these places bring together people who are there for a specific purpose. Despite different backgrounds and personal lives, these people come to these locations for work, education, health, or self improvement. I think that there is some valuable insights to be gained from meeting people in these locations. 

## Problem Interest List

I have noticed that many students like myself struggle with focusing and staying on task when it is time to get things done. Medical issues aside, our phones and computers are distraction machines and completing homework assignments and projects takes way longer than it should. This is an issue I could definitely see myself diving into for 4 months or more. 

Since being in college and shopping on my own, I have noticed a scarcity of high quality, durable, and affordable clothing. I want to be able to buy stuff that lasts, to get the most possible utility out of an item. Finding these pieces results in an internet scavenger hunt trying to track down the best brands. Several of my friends and thousands more people online have expressed the same concern. 

Wifi routers and home networks are unnecessarily complicated and confusing. No matter how technical of a person you are, these things prove to be an issue. Setting up, restarting, and connecting are all significant pain points through the customer journey of using these products. Also, they're ugly. Not everyone wants to have a router that looks like a spaceship in their home. 


## Class Notes
**Endowment Effect** - Customers inflating the value of their current solution