
## Where I'm At
I am extremely excited and optimistic for the coming weeks in this class. I am passionate about our team heading, as this is a problem that I have been fascinated with for a while now. I hope this week to find valuable information that validates our heading and give us more hope moving forward. I hope that the students that I speak with will also be able to give me valuable tips to apply in my own life. 
## Observations
What does studying and learning look like in the library? This is the place where students come to focus and get things done. It's a quiet environment, but we bring distraction into this place in the form of digital distractions. 
- Netflix
- Instagram
- TikTok
- Games
- Shopping
- Texting
These were the most common forms of digital distraction that I saw during this hour and a half in the library. 

## More lessons from Build
Focus on the "why" first. When you get wrapped up in the "what" you get ahead of people. You think everyone can see what you see but they don't. 

Every product should have a story. The story of your product, your company, your vision, should drive everything that you do. 

Your products story is its design, its features, images and videos etc. It is the sum of what people see and feel about this thing that you've created. 

If your competitors are telling better stories than you, they are playing the game and you're not. It doesn't matter if your product is better, if you can't tell the story, no one will believe in your product. 



# Class Notes

