---
share_link: https://share.note.sx/3u1abnj3#xXuE8iYft/H6VBo4tJ0CMsBmI+xmjGF8bikvr8Hj4Ik
share_updated: 2024-09-28T16:20:39-06:00
---
# Resources
## Current Handshake
**Students** 
A variety of students ranging in GPA, year in school, and major. 
- Scotty
- Braden
- Abbie
- Gage
- Autumn
**Faculty**
- Kirk - Elementary School principal
- Katy - Elementary school teacher
- Q - High school principal

**Business Owners / Executives**
- Ryan - Founder/CEO
- Morgan - CMO
- Austin - President/COO
- James - CFO
## Future Handshake
- High performing students
	- Students who are managing 15+ credits with high GPA along with other hobbies, jobs, social experiences etc.
- Productivity expert? Maybe someone who has been studying what makes a productive student. Kind of a long shot, but I could fire off an email to Cal Newport. If I get no response, I can borrow some information from his already extensive research on the topic. 


## Current Hubs
- Business students - Jared, Jack, Braden, Lily, McKenna
- Pre med students - Preston, Scott, Brett
- Engineering students - AJ, Tate, 
- Business professors - Prof Halverson, Prof Reschke, Prof Hatch. 

## Future Hubs
- STEM professors
- Liberal arts professors - Prof Rockwood from PHIL 202, and colleagues 
- New students: College freshmen adapting to increased workload and new methods of studying. 

Idea: Maybe I could sit in on a study group from some of the current people I know to observe their methods. 

## Habitats
- HBLL (5 minutes)
- TA labs (5 minutes)
- Reddit 
	- r/studytips 112k 
	- r/teachers 1.1M 
	- r/study 87k 
	- r/productivity 3.2M
	All of these subreddits are very active, usually with several posts a day. I have made a post so far in one the studytips group and I was answered within a few hours. 
- TikTok (#studytok)
- Study groups: I could create a study group for my ECON class. 


## Moving forward:
## Contacts 
- [ ] Scotty - PreMed - Handshake
- [ ] Preston - PreMed - Handshake
- [ ] Jack - Business - Handshake
- [ ] Gage - Freshman - Handshake 
- [ ] Autumn - Grad student - Handshake
- [ ] Spencer - Business - Handshake
- [ ] AJ - Engineering - Handshake
- [ ] Lily - Business - Handshake 
- [ ] Tate - CS - Handshake
- [ ] Ashlyn - Neuroscience - Handshake

This week I met a student named Brett at the library. We had a mutual friend that we were studying with. He is a neuroscience student and explained that he has a pretty intense schedule this semester. We exchanged information and arranged for another time to meet up at the library for a more personal observation and an interview at a later date. 

### Cultivate Contacts 
- Set up more study sessions with friends and have them bring a friend I am not familiar with. 
- Reach out to the premed boys to get contacts for other students in their major. 
- Reach out to professors from past semesters - (Zappala + Other CS profs., Rockwood + other liber arts profs.)

I need help improving access to "elite" performers. The top of the top students. I'm thinking the best way to do this is to find students that I already know that do well and move through their connections. 