
# PG Essays

## When to do What you Love
If you want to make hundreds of millions, it turns out to be very useful to work on what interests you the most. This isn't really because of the extra motivation you get from working on something that interests you, it's because way is to start a startup. 

The best ideas tend to be such outliers that you'd overlook them if you were consciously looking for ways to make money. 

	"you're usually suffering from three kinds of ignorance simultaneously: you don't know what makes you happy, what the various kinds of work are really like, or how well you could do them"

**Get more certainty**

	"There's one case, though, where it's easy to say whether you should work on what interests you the most: if you want to do [great work](https://paulgraham.com/greatwork.html). This is not a sufficient condition for doing great work, but it is a necessary one."

## Founder Mode
"There are things founders can do that managers can't, and not doing them feels wrong to founders, because it is."

"Imagine what they'll do once we can tell them how to run their companies like Steve Jobs instead of John Sculley."[Steve Jobs](02%20-%20Resources/BOOKS/Steve%20Jobs.md)

## How to Create Google
	"Projects aren't just the best way to learn about technology. They're also the best source of startup ideas."

It's obvious in retrospect that this was a great idea for a startup. It wasn't obvious at the time. It's never obvious. If it was obviously a good idea to start Apple or Google or Facebook, someone else would have already done it.

What you need in a startup idea, and all you need, is something your friends actually want. And those ideas aren't hard to see once you're good at technology.

# Empathy Gallery
# Class Notes
2nd generation evidence - WTP
What makes option A better than B? 
What would make me switch?

