## Capture - Navigation #6

Since starting this program, I have received a lot of reassurance. Sometimes I find myself doubting my talents and abilities, finding myself unsure if I'm on the right path. As I've sought out personal revelation and continued learning on this journey, I have felt reassurance that I am on the right path and that I am qualified for the work I am setting out to do. I feel that I have been blessed with creativity, problem solving, leadership, and the ability to connect easily with other people. these gifts have proved themselves invaluable on this entrepreneurial journey. I feel drawn to people who consistently face frustrating problems with no apparent or intuitive solution. I feel drawn to problems that have solutions, but solutions that are inefficient and poorly designed. I feel like I have a unique perspective to add to enhance existing solutions, and find new ones. 

## Reflection

Lately I've been reading a lot of Paul Graham's [essays](10-22-2024.md). My dad has been sending me these for months but I have just saved them for later. I decided to read them and found some powerful insights that are applicable to the problems I am working on right now. 

Here are some of my favorite excerpts:

"Projects aren't just the best way to learn about technology. They're also the best source of startup ideas."

What you need in a startup idea, and all you need, is something your friends actually want. And those ideas aren't hard to see once you're good at technology.

(Both from How to Create Google)

**Get more certainty** 

This was a simple piece of advice, but one that I found most applicable for me at this time. This comes from his essay on When to do What You Love. I find myself enthralled by the idea of creative projects, building something that I'm sure that people will love. I obsess over these ideas, thinking that I've found my calling. When I'm faced with uncertainty, I need to get more certainty. Plain and simple. Get more information, more validation. This will tell me how interested I am, how good I am at it, and the scope of the issue being investigated. 


## Team Pivot 

Very broad problem - The issue was that it was too shallow
