**Prompt:** What "Red Seas" has the Lord helped you cross in times past? What "seas" are you seeking to cross now, and how will you seek His help "with real intent"?

**Reflection:** I think the "Red Sea" that I'm trying to cross now is just getting started. What I mean by that is that I spend so much time thinking, planning, and preparing, and then I get paralyzed by fear when it's time to start. Going from 0 to 1 seems so much scarier than going from 1 to 100 for some reason. So I get scared and stay at 0. Looking back, I can see the countless examples of how the Lord has helped me to move forward in faith, and just start. Whether it was going on a mission, switching majors, or taking on more family responsibilities, he has helped me to take the first step. 

**Elaboration:** Elaborating on entries from [09-30-2024](09-30-2024.md) and [10-07-2024](10-07-2024.md) 

"Entrepreneurship done wrong feels like sales. Entrepreneurship done right feels like service."

I think that this is so true. When I find something that I am  passionate about and truly care about solving, it feels like service. I would add to that and say that it doesn't even feel like work at that point. It's just fulfillment and excitement as I close in on a solution. 

On my interview with Scott:

I think one of the things that was blatantly overlooked in my early interviews was the abundance of existing solutions. Many of these existing solutions are highly personal/customizable. On top of that, these were all low or no cost solutions such as flashcards, anki, quizlet, music, notebooks, planners and more. I feel like my eagerness to look for a solution caused me to put on the blinders and ignore early signs to pivot. 

Knowing this will help to better recognize similar situations in the future and know when to pivot. 