## Interview CMO
Spoke with Morgan on Friday. She is on the complete opposite end of the spectrum. Extremely non - technical, would like to know more about what goes on behind the scenes. Communicates with product and dev, often doesn't understand what they mean when they share their updates. 

She said that she would benefit from closing the communication gap, and is eager to see updates as the project progresses!

## Class Notes
Orion belts - started with running - now selling to construction and first responders. 

Technical risk - can you deliver the product

Mitigating founder burnout 

Managing balance. It takes time. 9-5 to 9-9. You can have everything, just not all at once. 

Your business will be a reflection of YOU. Who you are, what you value. 
 
## Discovery Notes

### Paul Graham - How to Work Hard
most people have to learn what work is before they can love it.

If great talent and great drive are both rare, then people with both are rare squared.

Working towards goals that are neither clearly defined or externally imposed. 

Working when nobody is telling you to. 

"Morphed into a feeling of disgust when I wasn't achieving anything"

"Some types of work are inherently bogus, or at best mere busywork."

Find the limit. There is one. Are you actually working and making progress or just showing off. 

Many problems have a hard core at the center, surrounded by easier stuff at the edges. Aim towards the center to the extent you are able to; some days that won't be the case, but that should be your focus. 

**A deep interest in a topic makes people work harder than any amount of discipline can.**
