1. **Latest Heading:** < College students, {Focusing and managing time}>
2. < College students, distractions while studying> 
	< College students, focusing on boring work >
	
3. < Remote workers, staying motivated without in person interaction>
	< College students, understanding assignment instructions> 
	< Professors, making sure students understand material>
	< New employees, understanding what is required at the new position>
4. The most common problems students are managing time and distractions. From the field log "Freshmen do not understand how to time manage their classes " -CS 110 professor. "it feels daunting to get over the hump and start his work" - Interview with Nick
5. The most productive students take advantage of limited amounts of focus, maximizing this precious resource before it depletes, and then refilling it through meaningful breaks (See observation with Scott)
6. Distraction is everywhere, being intentional with what you are going to do sets the tone for your work. Students are overwhelmed with instant sources of entertainment and gratification. (see Joe's personal homework immersion). I've noticed this myself as I try to communicate with friends, watch youtube, and do my homework at the same time. I've noted that it dramatically reduces my productivity. 
7. From my interviews with AJ and Ashlyn, their deepest pain within this problem is the time that studying and doing assignments consumes. They both felt like they could get more done in less time, and by virtue of that, have more time for the things they love, like spending time with friends. 
8. Through my personal observations, I have seen students who sit down in the library to study, get everything set up to focus, just to switch to a different tab and get swallowed up in distractions. Despite moving to a physical environment that encourages focus, their digital environment remains cluttered and distracting. 
9. I think the most obvious evidence of pain has been keeping track of personal distractions during study time. Keeping note of what the distraction is, where it comes from, and how long it keeps from the task at hand has helped me realize that so many of these distractions are avoidable. I've also noticed, that after being distracted it takes a long time to get back into the focused state I was in earlier. 
10. Some of the most common problems that have been popping up in our interviews are structuring study sessions, need for support and resources, and time management. All of these are slightly outside our original problem community. (Interview with Calvin's wife - limited access to good help) 
11. This is still yet to be explored for us. By reasoning, we can infer that this is a problem community present in the corporate/professional world. Here, employees are required to complete tasks and projects daily, requiring varying degrees of focus. This could be promising to explore. 
12. We will still need to explore different customers/problem communities to see if there are other coordinates that display more marked breadth. Some promising ones seem to be in the professional world, especially with teams that use technology to collaborate and complete their work. 
13. Across interviews, problems that kept popping up revolved around understanding assignment requirements. This would take up a lot of the time it required to complete an assignment. 
14. We haven't seen much that would indicate other customers experiencing more pain within this problem community. A possible answer could be remote workers, but we haven't explored that much yet. 
15. We haven't explored much outside of our target customer, but I think there would be lots to explore within the corporate world, seeing how teams operate and get projects done. It would be interesting to explore every step of their process from idea to explaining to the team to completion. 
16. Based on this analysis, the coordinates that provide the best opportunities moving forward are: <college students, managing distractions while studying> or <college students, managing their time and tasks>
	**Justification:** These are the most common themes among our interviews, immersion, and observations. These also are some of the deepest pains that our potential customers are facing. These coordinates provide enough breadth and depth to yield some promising results. 